<h1 align="center">tManipulateJSON</h1>

  <p align="center">
    Talend components to filter and edit JSON strings
  </p>


<br>
<br>

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project

These Talend components are designed for the easy filtering and editing of JSON strings. More specifically, tFilterJSON
filters an input row for JSON strings with given pairs of attribute/value; tRenameJSON allows JSON attributes to be renamed; tTransposeJSON moves JSON attributes within a JSON string; tTruncateJSON allows JSON attributes to be removed.


<br>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->
## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

* Talend Open Studio for Data Integration.
To install the studio, please refer to the [Talend documentation](https://help.talend.com/r/en-US/8.0/studio-getting-started-guide-open-studio-for-data-integration/introduction).

*The components were developed on version 8.0.1 of the studio.*

### Installation

1. Copy the tFilterJSON, tRenameJSON, tTransposeJSON and tTruncateJSON folders into the custom components folder of your studio.
2. Open  ```Preferences -> Talend -> Components``` in your studio.  Make sure the ```user component folder``` points to the folder where you have copied the folders from step 1.
3. Click on ```Apply and Close```.
4. tFilterJSON, tRenameJSON, tTransposeJSON and tTruncateJSON should now be available in the **JSON folder of your palette**.

If installation via the studio fails, you can copy the folders directly into the ```[studio]/plugins/org.talend.designer.components.localprovider_[version]/components``` folder.  Restart the studio.


<br>

<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->
## Usage

**tFilterJSON** is used to filter input rows for those that contain a JSON string with given pairs of attribute/value.  The component is mostly useful to filter out JSON responses to HTTP request, usually via the tRESTClient component.

<br>

**tRenameJSON** allows to rename one or several attributes of a JSON string in an input row.
**tTransposeJSON** allows to rename one or several attributes of a JSON string in an input row.
**tTruncateJSON** allows to remove one or several attributes from an input JSON string.

These components are mostly useful to convert a JSON string generated by one system into a JSON string that can be used by a second system.

<br>


For more info on how to use these components, please refer to the [Documentation](https://github.com/clanc9/tmanipulatejson/tree/main/doc)

<br>


<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->
## Contributing

If you have a suggestion to improve these components, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
Any contributions are welcome and appreciated.


<br>

<!-- LICENSE -->
## License

Distributed under the Apache License version 2.0. See `LICENSE.txt` for more information.

<br>


<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

Christian Lanctôt - info@clanctot.com

Project Link: [https://github.com/clanc9/tmanipulatejson](https://github.com/clanc9/tmanipulatejson)

<br>


<!-- ACKNOWLEDGMENTS -->
## Acknowledgments

* [Othneil Drew](https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template)
for the initial template of this README file.


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
